Refactor the Why Swift on Server section and add page on concurrency. (#496)
swiftlang/swift-org-website: documentation/server/why/performance.md

---
layout: page
title: Why Swift on Server - Performance
---

> For the same reasons that make Swift is a fantastic choice for embedded and constrained environments such as watches and phones, Swift makes it possible to write simple, elegant server-side applications that are also highly efficient.

Reviewer: This paragraph needs reworking. There's a couple of grammar errors and the flow is a little off

## Small footprint
One of the main goals of a modern cloud platform is to maximize resource utilization by efficiently packing services into a single machine.

> Cloud services built with Swift have a small memory footprint (measured in MB)--especially when compared to other popular server languages with automatic memory management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud services built with Swift have a small memory footprint (measured in MB) - especially when compared to other popular server languages with automatic memory management.
```

Reviewer: Is it worth having something on safety here as well? It might end up being a separate section though

Services built with Swift are also CPU-efficient, given the language’s focus on performance.

## Quick startup time
Swift-based applications start quickly since there are almost no warm up operations.
This makes Swift a great fit for cloud services, which are often re-scheduled onto new VMs or containers to address platform formation changes.
Using Swift also helps streamline continuous delivery pipelines, since you incur less wait time for new versions of the service fleet to come online.
Finally, quick boot times make Swift a perfect fit for serverless applications such as Cloud Functions or Lambda with negligible cold start times.

## Deterministic performance
Swift’s use of ARC (instead of tracing garbage collection) and its lack of JIT gives it an important edge in the cloud services space.

> While tracing garbage collection technologies have vastly improved in the last few years, they still compete with the application for resources which triggers non-deterministic performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While tracing garbage collection technologies have vastly improved in the last few years, they still compete with the application for resources when triggered which results in non-deterministic performance.
```
